content/modules/ROOT/pages/01-introduction.adoc, before:

____
_NOTE:_ To make the inline images larger, expand this window.
image:../assets/slider.png[Menu Slider]
____

This lab is composed of two hosts.

[arabic]
. controlnode
. vm1

In this lab, we will use the host `+controlnode+` as the "`control
node`" or the node where we will install and run the firewall system
role. Firewall changes will be applied to `+vm1+`.

We’ll perform the following 3 tasks.

[arabic]
. We will use the firewall system role to open the appropriate port to
access web servers on `+vm1+`. This exercise is to show how to open
firewall ports by service.
. As well, we will also use the firewall system role to open port 9999
on `+vm1+` to enable inbound tcp connections. This exercise is to show
how to open an arbitrary firewall port.
. Finally, we’ll configure port forwarding from 9999 to port 12345 on
`+vm1+`.

.afterapplying
image::../assets/firewallsystemrolesoverview.png[afterapplying]

You can access each host by clicking on the tabs in the upper left
corner of the GUI.

.tabs
image::../assets/instruqt-tab.png[tabs]

Commit message:

Add new assets and update documentation for RHEL System Roles lab
- Added multiple new image assets for the lab, including diagrams and screenshots.
- Updated references in documentation to replace 'vm1' with 'rhel1' for consistency.

content/modules/ROOT/pages/01-introduction.adoc, after:


To make the inline images larger, expand this window.

.Menu Slider
image::../assets/slider.png[Menu Slider]

This lab is composed of two hosts.

[arabic]
. controlnode
. rhel1

In this lab, we will use the host `+controlnode+` as the "`control
node`" or the node where we will install and run the firewall system
role. Firewall changes will be applied to `+rhel1+`.

We’ll perform the following 3 tasks.

[arabic]
. We will use the firewall system role to open the appropriate port to
access web servers on `+rhel1+`. This exercise is to show how to open
firewall ports by service.
. As well, we will also use the firewall system role to open port 9999
on `+rhel1+` to enable inbound tcp connections. This exercise is to show
how to open an arbitrary firewall port.
. Finally, we’ll configure port forwarding from 9999 to port 12345 on
`+rhel1+`.

.afterapplying
image::../assets/firewallsystemrolesoverview.png[afterapplying]

You can access each host by clicking on the tabs in the upper left
corner of the GUI.

.tabs
image::../assets/instruqt-tab.png[tabs]
