content/modules/ROOT/pages/03-openhttpservice.adoc, before:

== Open HTTP Service firewall port on rhel1.lab

In this challenge, we will enable access to the http port 80 on `+rhel1+`.

First, we’ll prove to ourselves that port 80 is blocked by the firewall
running on `+rhel1+`.

On the `rhel1` terminal, run the following command.

[source,bash,run]
----
firewall-cmd --list-all
----

.firewall-cmd --list-all
image::fwcmdno80.png[fwcmdno80]

The output above shows that port 80 is not open.

In the `+rhel1+` terminal, run `+nc -l 80+`. This command runs the utility
`+netcat+` and tells it to listen for incoming traffic on port 80.

[source,bash,run]
----
nc -l 80
----

.nc -l 80 - Listening on port 80 on rhel1
image::nclistening.png[nclistening]

`+netcat+` is now listening on port 80 on `+rhel1+`.

WARNING: Do not exit out of `+nc+` in this terminal!

Switch back to the `controlnode` terminal.

Enter the command `+nc rhel1 80+`. This tells `+netcat+` to connect to
port 80 on `+rhel1+`.

[source,bash,run]
----
nc rhel1 80
----

.nc rhel1 80 - "No route to host"
image::no-route.png[noroute]

`+netcat+` cannot connect to `+rhel1+` on port 80.

Let’s use RHEL systems roles to open up port 80 on `+rhel1+`.

First, Ansible requires a host file pointing at the `+rhel1+` host. The
host file looks like this.

Run the following command in the `controlnode` terminal.

[source,bash,run]
----
tee -a /root/hosts << EOF
all:
  hosts:
    rhel1:
  vars:
    firewall:
      - service: http
        state: enabled
EOF
----

Next, we’ll create a simple Ansible playbook that tells ansible to apply
the RHEL Firewall system role.

Copy paste and run the following in the CLI.

[source,bash,run]
----
tee -a /root/firewall.yml <<EOF
- name: Configure Firewall
  hosts: all
  roles:
    - redhat.rhel_system_roles.firewall
EOF
----

Now we’ll apply the system role to `+rhel1+` by running the following
command in the `controlnode` terminal.

[source,bash,run]
----
ansible-playbook -i hosts -b firewall.yml
----

.ansible-playbook -i hosts -b firewall.yml - Apply the system role to rhel1
image::applysystemrole.png[applysystemrole]

Run `+nc rhel1 80+` in the `controlnode` terminal.

[source,bash,run]
----
nc rhel1 80
----

We’ll type something into the terminal and hit enter. You should see it
printed out in the `rhel1` terminal.

.The output from the nc command indicates that the port is now open
image::ncport80.png[ncresult80]

Exit out of `+nc+` in the `controlnode` terminal
terminal by typing `+ctrl-c+`. This will cause `+nc+` to exit in `rhel1`
terminal.

Finally, we’ll use `+firewall-cmd+` to list the open ports on `rhel1`.
Switch to the `rhel1` terminal and run the following command.

[source,bash,run]
----
firewall-cmd --list-all
----

.firewall-cmd --list-all shows that port 80 (http) is now open
image::fwcmdlistall80.png[fwcmdlistall80]

Commit message:

Enhance documentation and update image assets for firewall instructions
- Improved clarity in the documentation by adding collapsible sections for proving port status and using RHEL system roles.
- Updated the firewallsystemrolesoverview.png image asset to ensure consistency with the documentation changes.

content/modules/ROOT/pages/03-openhttpservice.adoc, after:

== Open HTTP Service firewall port on rhel1.lab

In this challenge, we will enable access to the http port 80 on `+rhel1+`.

== Prove port 80 is blocked by the firewall

First, we’ll prove to ourselves that port 80 is blocked by the firewall
running on `+rhel1+`.

.Prove port 80 is blocked by the firewall
[%collapsible]
====
On the `rhel1` terminal, run the following command.

[source,bash,run]
----
firewall-cmd --list-all
----

.firewall-cmd --list-all
image::fwcmdno80.png[fwcmdno80]

The output above shows that port 80 is not open.

In the `+rhel1+` terminal, run `+nc -l 80+`. This command runs the utility
`+netcat+` and tells it to listen for incoming traffic on port 80.

[source,bash,run]
----
nc -l 80
----

.nc -l 80 - Listening on port 80 on rhel1
image::nclistening.png[nclistening]

`+netcat+` is now listening on port 80 on `+rhel1+`.

WARNING: Do not exit out of `+nc+` in this terminal!

Switch back to the `controlnode` terminal.

Enter the command `+nc rhel1 80+`. This tells `+netcat+` to connect to
port 80 on `+rhel1+`.

[source,bash,run]
----
nc rhel1 80
----

.nc rhel1 80 - "No route to host"
image::no-route.png[noroute]

`+netcat+` cannot connect to `+rhel1+` on port 80.
====

== Use RHEL systems roles to open up port 80 on rhel1

Let’s use RHEL systems roles to open up port 80 on `+rhel1+`.

.Use RHEL systems roles to open up port 80 on rhel1
[%collapsible]
====

First, Ansible requires a host file pointing at the `+rhel1+` host. The
host file looks like this.

Run the following command in the `controlnode` terminal.

[source,bash,run]
----
tee -a /root/hosts << EOF
all:
  hosts:
    rhel1:
  vars:
    firewall:
      - service: http
        state: enabled
EOF
----

Next, we’ll create a simple Ansible playbook that tells ansible to apply
the RHEL Firewall system role.

Run the following in the CLI.

[source,bash,run]
----
tee -a /root/firewall.yml <<EOF
- name: Configure Firewall
  hosts: all
  roles:
    - redhat.rhel_system_roles.firewall
EOF
----

Now we’ll apply the system role to `+rhel1+` by running the following
command in the `controlnode` terminal.

[source,bash,run]
----
ansible-playbook -i hosts -b firewall.yml
----

.ansible-playbook -i hosts -b firewall.yml - Apply the system role to rhel1
image::applysystemrole.png[applysystemrole]

====

== Prove port 80 is now open on rhel1

Let's prove that port 80 is now open on `+rhel1+`.

[%collapsible]
====
Run `+nc rhel1 80+` in the `controlnode` terminal.

[source,bash,run]
----
nc rhel1 80
----

We’ll type something into the terminal and hit enter. You should see it
printed out in the `rhel1` terminal.

.The output from the nc command indicates that the port is now open
image::ncport80.png[ncresult80]

Exit out of `+nc+` in the `controlnode` terminal
terminal by typing `+ctrl-c+`. This will cause `+nc+` to exit in `rhel1`
terminal.

Finally, we’ll use `+firewall-cmd+` to list the open ports on `rhel1`.
Switch to the `rhel1` terminal and run the following command.

[source,bash,run]
----
firewall-cmd --list-all
----

.firewall-cmd --list-all shows that port 80 (http) is now open
image::fwcmdlistall80.png[fwcmdlistall80]

====
