content/modules/ROOT/pages/04-openarbitraryport.adoc, before:

In this challenge we’ll open port 9999 on `+rhel1+`.

In the link:tab-0[button label="`controlnode`"] terminal, add the lines
`+- port: ['9999/tcp']+` and `+state: enabled+` to the `+hosts+` file.

The following command will add those lines for you.

[source,bash,run]
----
tee -a /root/hosts << EOF
      - port: ['9999/tcp']
        state: enabled
EOF
----

Now run the playbook in the link:tab-0[button label="`controlnode`"]
terminal.

[source,bash,run]
----
ansible-playbook -i hosts -b firewall.yml
----

.applyportopen
image::../assets/applyportopen.png[applyportopen]

In the link:tab-1[button label="`rhel1`"] terminal, run `+nc+`, listening
on port 9999.

[source,bash,run]
----
nc -l 9999
----

In the link:tab-0[button label="`controlnode`"] terminal, run `+nc+` and
then type some stuff.

[source,bash,run]
----
nc rhel1 9999
----

.ncport9999
image::../assets/ncport9999.png[ncport9999]

In the image above the phrase was typed:
`+the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dogs+` followed by the
`+enter+` key.

In the link:tab-0[button label="`controlnode`"] terminal, type
`+ctrl-c+` to exit `+nc+`.

Commit message:

Update documentation and image assets for firewall configuration
- Enhanced clarity in the documentation by standardizing terminal references to `controlnode` and `rhel1`.
- Updated image assets for firewall commands and playbook outputs to improve visual consistency.
- Added new sections for opening arbitrary ports and forwarding requests, along with corresponding commands.

content/modules/ROOT/pages/04-openarbitraryport.adoc, after:

== Open Arbitrary Port on rhel1.lab

In this challenge we’ll open port 9999 on `+rhel1+`.

In the `controlnode` terminal, add the lines `+- port: ['9999/tcp']+` and
`+state: enabled+` to the `+hosts+` file.

The following command will add those lines for you.

[source,bash,run]
----
tee -a /root/hosts << EOF
      - port: ['9999/tcp']
        state: enabled
EOF
----

Now run the playbook in the `controlnode` terminal.

[source,bash,run]
----
ansible-playbook -i hosts -b firewall.yml
----

.ansible-playbook -i hosts -b firewall.yml - Apply the system role to rhel1
image::applysystemrole.png[applysystemrole]

In the `rhel1` terminal, run `+nc+`, listening on port 9999.

[source,bash,run]
----
nc -l 9999
----

In the `controlnode` terminal, run `+nc+` and
then type some stuff.

[source,bash,run]
----
nc rhel1 9999
----

.nc rhel1 9999 - "No route to host"
image::no-route.png[noroute]

In the image above the phrase was typed:
`+the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dogs+` followed by the
`+enter+` key.

In the `controlnode` terminal, type `+ctrl-c+` to exit `+nc+`.
