content/modules/ROOT/pages/06-reset.adoc, before:

== Reset the firewall configuration on rhel1.lab

The firewall system role can reset all settings to the default
configuration found immediately after Red Hat Enterprise Linux is
installed.

We’ll reset the firewall configuration in the `+rhel1+` host.

First, in the `rhel1` terminal, list the current rules.

[source,bash,run]
----
firewall-cmd --list-all
----

In the `controlnode` terminal, we’ll create a new host file called
`+reset+`.

[source,bash,run]
----
tee -a /root/reset << EOF
all:
  hosts:
    rhel1:
  vars:
    firewall:
      - previous: replaced
EOF
----

From the `controlnode` terminal, run the playbook to reset the firewall
rules on the `+rhel1+` host.

[source,bash,run]
----
ansible-playbook -i reset -b firewall.yml
----

.ansible-playbook -i reset -b firewall.yml - Reset the firewall rules on rhel1
image::resetplaybook.png[reset output]

When the playbook as stopped running, switch to the `rhel1` terminal and
check that the firewall rules have been reset.

[source,bash,run]
----
firewall-cmd --list-all
----

If you want to apply the rules we created in the previous steps of this
lab, simply run `+ansible-playbook -i hosts -b firewall.yml+` again.

Commit message:

Add new images and update documentation for firewall reset instructions
- Added new image assets: fwcmdlistallaftermods.png and reset.png.
- Updated 06-reset.adoc to include visual references for firewall command outputs after modifications and resets, enhancing clarity for users.

content/modules/ROOT/pages/06-reset.adoc, after:

== Reset the firewall configuration on rhel1.lab

The firewall system role can reset all settings to the default
configuration found immediately after Red Hat Enterprise Linux is
installed.

We’ll reset the firewall configuration in the `+rhel1+` host.

First, in the `rhel1` terminal, list the current rules.

[source,bash,run]
----
firewall-cmd --list-all
----

The output should look like this:

.Firewall command list all after modifications
image::fwcmdlistallaftermods.png[Firewall command list all after modifications]

The red boxes show the rules that were added in the previous steps.

In the `controlnode` terminal, we’ll create a new host file called
`+reset+`.

[source,bash,run]
----
tee -a /root/reset << EOF
all:
  hosts:
    rhel1:
  vars:
    firewall:
      - previous: replaced
EOF
----

From the `controlnode` terminal, run the playbook to reset the firewall
rules on the `+rhel1+` host.

[source,bash,run]
----
ansible-playbook -i reset -b firewall.yml
----

.ansible-playbook -i reset -b firewall.yml - Reset the firewall rules on rhel1
image::resetplaybook.png[reset output]

When the playbook as stopped running, switch to the `rhel1` terminal and
check that the firewall rules have been reset.

[source,bash,run]
----
firewall-cmd --list-all
----

.Firewall command list all after reset
image::reset.png[reset]

If you want to apply the rules we created in the previous steps of this
lab, simply run `+ansible-playbook -i hosts -b firewall.yml+` again.
